Address input bugs (#122)
AlaskaAirlines/auro-formkit: components/input/docs/partials/api.md

</auro-accordion>

#### Max Length <a name="maxLength"></a>

Use the `maxlength` attribute to control the length of the input entered.

> The `minLength` attribute should be used in combination with the `setCustomValidityTooLong` attribute to define help text used when the length of the input is too long.

Reviewer: I wouldn't call out the validity part here as "should be used in combination" because we already show the browser default message that is localized for this error. The `setCustomValidityTooLong` attribute is purely optional.

Also, I think you meant `maxLength` here instead of `minLength`.

Reviewer: FWIW, if we are going to add commentary about which attribute to use to customize the validationState error for any requirement attribute we should do it for all of them.

Author: I added this to follow suit with what we are currently doing on the docsite. You can see us suggesting them to use the `setCustomValidity` states under the "Pattern", "Max" and "Min" examples on the API page.

</auro-accordion>

### Min Length <a name="minLength"></a>

Use the `minlength` attribute to control the length of the input entered.

> The `minLength` attribute should be used in combination with the `setCustomValidityTooShort` attribute to define help text used when the length of the input is not long enough.

Reviewer: Same comment as above for maxLength.

Author: I added this to follow suit with what we are currently doing on the docsite. You can see us suggesting them to use the `setCustomValidity` states under the "Pattern", "Max" and "Min" examples on the API page.

Reviewer: I'm all for the _suggesting_. I think the language "... should be used ..." is problematic because they don't actually have to do it.

Maybe something like....

```suggestion
The input will display a default validation error message associated with this attribute when validation fails. Each browser client defines it's own localized message. The `setCustomValidityTooShort` attribute may optionally be used in combination with the `minLength` attribute to define custom help text used when the length of the input is not long enough.
```

If you don't want to make that sort of change just open a doc ticket for some future tech debt we can review as a team.

Use the `type="number"` attribute for a numeric style input and invoke a numeric virtual keyboard on handheld devices.

> This `number` input type should only be used for incremental numeric values. The `number` input type is not appropriate for values that happen to only consist of but aren't strictly speaking a number, such as postal codes in many countries or credit card numbers. See [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/number) for more information.

Reviewer: Might help to explain that incremental numeric values means no decimal places.
